profile/README.md, before:

# Apprenticeship Sandbox  

- [Apprenticeship Sandbox](#apprenticeship-sandbox)
  - [AWS CDK v2 Projects](#aws-cdk-v2-projects)
    - [S3 Bucket](#s3-bucket)
    - [Lambda and API Gateway](#lambda-and-api-gateway)
  - [TLG Projects](#tlg-projects)

## AWS CDK v2 Projects

- Why?
  - gain familiarity and a hands-on approach to begin learning aws cdk v2 by using:
    - basic aws cli commands
      - init, synth, bootstrap , diff ,destroy
    - aws cdk
      - configure credentials
      - cdk library
        - importing Stacks, Constructs

### S3 Bucket 
- Source [aws cdk docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/v2/guide/hello_world.html#hello_world_tutorial_destroy)
  - Build the simplest possible AWS CDK app by creating an S3 bucket with aws cdk v2
    - [ ] TypeScript
    - [ ] Single Stack
    - [ ] Single Construct

- Readings
  - [bootstrapping](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/v2/guide/bootstrapping.html)
  - [lambda fns](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/lambda-nodejs.html)

### Lambda and API Gateway
- Source [aws cdk docs](https://cdkworkshop.com/)
  - Build a Lamda and API Gateway endpoints hit counter where users can call via HTTP request 
    - [ ] TypeScript
    - [ ] Single Stack

## TLG Projects
- [ ] WIP: add links to previous tlg projects with brief description

Commit message:

add s3 project repo links to public readme

profile/README.md, after:

# Apprenticeship Sandbox  

- [Apprenticeship Sandbox](#apprenticeship-sandbox)
  - [AWS CDK v2 Projects](#aws-cdk-v2-projects)
    - [S3 Bucket](#s3-bucket)
    - [Lambda and API Gateway](#lambda-and-api-gateway)
  - [TLG Projects](#tlg-projects)

## AWS CDK v2 Projects

Why?
-gain familiarity and a hands-on approach to begin learning aws cdk v2 by using:
  - basic aws cli commands
    - init, synth, bootstrap , diff ,destroy
  - aws cdk
    - configure credentials
    - cdk library
      - importing Stacks, Constructs

### S3 Bucket 
- [GitHub Repo](https://github.com/Amazon-Sandbox/S3_aws_cdk) 
  - visit the project repository on GitHub
- Source [aws cdk docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/v2/guide/hello_world.html#hello_world_tutorial_destroy)
  - Build the simplest possible AWS CDK app by creating an S3 bucket with aws cdk v2
    - [ ] TypeScript
    - [ ] Single Stack
    - [ ] Single Construct
- Readings
  - [bootstrapping](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/v2/guide/bootstrapping.html)
  - [lambda fns](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/lambda-nodejs.html)

### Lambda and API Gateway
- Source [aws cdk docs](https://cdkworkshop.com/)
  - Build a Lamda and API Gateway endpoints hit counter where users can call via HTTP request 
    - [ ] TypeScript
    - [ ] Single Stack

## TLG Projects
- [ ] WIP: add links to previous tlg projects with brief description of the projet
